chore: add standard .github/ files (#8)
slack-samples/bolt-js-reacjilator: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributors Guide

> Interested in contributing? Awesome! Before you do though, please read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/slack-samples/bolt-js-blank-template/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We take it very seriously, and expect that you will as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in contributing? Awesome! Before you do though, please read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/slack-samples/bolt-js-reacjilator/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We take it very seriously, and expect that you will as well.
```

🪬 suggestion: A few links in here might point to this repo instead!

Author: Laser eyes! 🙇🏻 Thanks a lot for this fix!
